The Conjuring house was recently releas3ed September 25th of last month by Rym Games. The game is supposed to be about 
the conjuring house from the movie series. THe game is cheap on stema for about $30 at the moment. This game is a
psychological driven horror game that puts players in a constant state of anxiety that crescendos into raw panic and terror.
The games graphics are really well done, and so is the sound. This game is really good at keeping me on my feet froom start to end.
In the beginning of the game you would start out in what looks like a basement. I wasnt expecting a plague doctor to come and chase
me, i have to constantly run from different types of ghosts, and i always got stuck in places.There where times that I thought I was
gonna du=ie, but i ended p living, which was a surprise. This game does remid me a little bit of Dark Souls because of the difficulty
level.
There are several ghosts within the house that come after you, its like everytime you open a new door a different creature comes after you.
The game is a little long, and does start to get a little tedious in the middle, it took me around 5 hours to get around the middle of 
the game. There are puzzles within the game to figure out, and finding keys too, which does kind of resemble Outlast 2. Although the 
graphics are really good, it does seem to copycat several horror games that I have played, but also adding their own touch. 
There are parts in the game where it seems like you are about to leave the house, but then, the halways get longer, it seems,
or something else happens that causes a detour. The alter area, that looks like its uses to summon more spirits was really creepy,
collecting the tailsman items where quite easey, so you just sit there wondering why is it so easy. Then when you think that is was easy,
that creepy thing with the tenticles comes back to chase you, that things pops up too much. I'm glad the spirits go away, when you burn 
certain tailsman.
When you think you are about to leave the house, a big wall pops up, which is a downer, the game keeps going on and on. Skip past to chamber
area where you are being chased by a somewhat slow creature thing, its like a maze, and took me a couple of trys to beat that area. 
The sound affects of that creature had me scared the whole time, made me think it was right behind my back. When all the levers are pulled
and you finally get out of the chamber area, you go to what looks like satins area. The detail on MRS. AtKinson's body was really good, 
i thought she was gonna come back to life while i was looking over her shoulder. 
I was really creeped out when i had to get close to one of the last creatures of the game, cause it just looked creepy as high heck!
It never came after me when i was getting the key, was it supposed to do that? I think it would have been a little bit more of a challenge
if they wouldve made it walk arouund more. Getting the torch to burn her body was the easy part for me, but heading back to the body was diffiulct 
because creatures did come out from nowhere. I had to turn the volume down because there was just so much noise at once towards the end,
that could be changed a little for people with a sensitive hearing disorder, cause all those shreaking sounds can cause headaches, like it
did to me. 
The edning was okay, could have had a little more to it, but overall this game was really good. I give it a 4 out of 5. The only reason on a 4
is because the game was quite long, and tedious after a while of playing it.
